Update Git Integrations (#1492)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/projects.mdx

If you didn't specify a project name explicitly via one of the above methods, we try to select a project automatically based on following rules:

> - If this is a [Git Integration](/docs/v2/git-integration/) deployment, we use the Git repo or project as the project name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this is a [Git Integration](/docs/v2/git-integration/) deployment, we use the Git repository name as the project name.
```

Reviewer 2: GitLab refers to repositories as "projects".

Reviewer: Hmm, you're right. I found that a [GitLab Project](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2017/09/11/comparing-confusing-terms-in-github-bitbucket-and-gitlab/) "includes the Git repository, issues, merge requests, milestones, and much more".

But that same page also mentions that "users often refer to repos as projects interchangeably" so I still think it would be best to use Git repository name (for all providers) and that maps to a ZEIT project name. Then we don't need to conflate the word _project_.
